AstroCloud CLI Reference Guide (#294)
astronomer/docs: cloud/cli-reference/astrocloud-deploy.md

---
sidebar_label: 'astrocloud deploy'
title: 'astrocloud deploy'
id: astrocloud-deploy
description: Reference documentation for astrocloud deploy.
---

## Description

Deploy your Astronomer project to a Deployment on Astronomer Cloud.

> You can specify a Deployment's namespace in the command, or leave the command options blank to select from a list of all Deployments that you have access to. To retrieve a Deployment's namespace, go to the Deployment's information page in the UI and copy the value under **Namespace**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `astrocloud deploy`, you'll be prompted to select from a list of all Deployments that you have access to across Workspaces. To automate this action more easily, you can bypass this prompt and specify a Deployment's namespace in the command. To retrieve a Deployment's namespace, go to the Deployment's information page in the Astronomer UI and copy the value under **Namespace**.
```

## Usage

```sh
astrocloud deploy <deployment-release-name>
```

## Options

| Option  | Description                                          | Possible Values                   |

> | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |

Author: I like Options because you can specify both flags or non-flag (ie. no `--`) items there. This is what GitHub does: https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_gist_create

We don't need to specify subcommands anymore because we have a different page for each subcommand. Like in the example you linked `login` and `logout` are now their own separate pages. This makes more sense than trying to link to actions together in a table just because they're at the same level in the command.

| `--force` | Force the deploy even if uncommitted changes exist | `` |
| `--prompt` | Force the prompt for selecting deployments to appear even if a Deployment is specified | `` |
| `--save` | Save the current directory/Deployment combination for future deploys | `` |
| `--workspace-id <string> `| Save the current directory/Deployment combination for future deploys | Any value |

> 

Reviewer 2: that makes sense to me. not how it is laid out in cobra CLI but may lead to less confusion
